I'll show you how to make classic
minestrone soup so we start by chopping
all the vegetables red onion nice and
small finely chop the garlic just gonna
chop nice and small to get the skin off
and peel the carrots and we'll finely
dice those as well
three slices and then into three batons
and they were just going to dice the
carrots and dice the celery same size
nice - cause yet as well top and tail
tell it lengthways its quarters and just
remove the center and then into nice
small dice again then remove the skins
from the tomatoes via the peeling them
or blanching them in hot water and in
roughly chopped and then with the
spinach just chop through it a couple of
times and then finally we just want to
pick and chop our herbs so strip the
leaves off the thyme and the rosemary
chop through it so it's nice and small
mix it with the time so heat the pan
with a little bit of olive oil
you start by cooking the bacon lardons
first then add your carrots celery and
onions
add a pinch of salt some black pepper
then the chopped herbs can go in and the
bay leaf and the garlic tomato puree
cook that for a minute or so and add the
chopped tomatoes once the tomatoes go in
let them cook for five minutes or so to
start breaking down and then just cover
it with your stock once the soup comes
up to the boil add the pasta cook for
seven minutes
so a few minutes before your pastas
cooked as you cause yet and allow those
to cook nice and gently just finally
stirring the spinach cook it for ten
seconds and then your soups ready to
serve
so ladle it into a bowl make sure you
get a bit of everything in there I
sprinkle of parmesan with a drizzle of
oil today you have a minestrone soup
[Music]